[DOCS-7210] Datadog administrator's guide (#24988)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/administrators_guide/_index.md

- Lowering your cloud and infrastructure costs.
- Reducing the severity, frequency, and mean time to resolution of incidents.
- Collect, process, and correlate observability and security data from your entire stack in one platform.
- Automate remediation and take action directly from Datadog with complete context from observability data across your stack.

## Benefits of this guide

This guide outlines the foundational concepts of Datadog and offers steps to prevent common issues like fragmented data models, unstructured user grouping, ungoverned consumption, and unrealized value.

## How to use this guide

This guide is organized into three sections that provide important concepts, plans, tasks, and structures to create and streamline your Datadog ownership experience:

* **[Plan][2]**: Learn the parts of Datadog that are important to your use case, build a knowledge base, develop some practical experience, plan your installation, and apply best practices when configuring your observability platform.  

> * **[Build][3]**: Understand what needs to be installed and create a detailed roll-out methodology so you can set up a Datadog environment that is best suited to your needs.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Build][3]**: Understand what needs to be installed and create a detailed rollout methodology so you can set up a Datadog environment that is best suited to your needs.  
```

> * **[Run][4]**: Maintain Datadog, maximize its power and manage ongoing support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Run][4]**: Maintain Datadog, maximize its power, and manage ongoing support.
```
